Instrumentation by default (#101)
Restioson/xtra: BREAKING-CHANGES.md

- Previously, `stop_all` would immediately disconnect the address. However, `stop_self` done on every actor would actually
  not do this in one case - if there were a free-floating (not executing an actor event loop) Context. This change brings
  `stop_all` in line with `stop_self`.

> - `InstrumentedExt` was removed. All messages are now instrumented automatically when `with-tracing-0_1` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `InstrumentedExt` was removed. All messages are now instrumented automatically when `instrumentation` is enabled.
```
